Dragoner - Caller to Dragons, Drakes, and Wyverns, the Dragoner uses the magical prowess of these beasts to his own gain, allowing their devastation to be unleashed far and wide, just as the scaled ones wish. Though their true power relies on the spiritual link granted by the creatures, the Dragoner has learned through many connections, and possesses his own repetoire.
-------------
STATS
Max Health: 100
Max Armor: 135
Max Speed: Low - Medium 

SPELLS
Dragon Staff, Dual Mana Bolt, Armor Spell, Dragon Breath, Beckon Drake

SATCHEL
Dragon Skull – Spinning skull does 150-750 damage to enemies in range.

SPECIAL ABILITY
None

MAGIC SEAL 
Gives allies protective armor for 30 seconds 
Does 75 fire damage to enemies

COMBOS
Raise Dead (with Necromancer) – Will turn nearby corpses into an army of skeletal warriors.
Spirit of the Dragon (with Zephyrist) – Summons a dragon companion that will float above you and attacks with you. Lasts for 30 seconds.

TIPS:
Set them on fire.
The strength of a Dragoner comes in his ability to set enemies on fire with his Dragon Breath spell. The more you hit your enemies with fire, the longer they'll burn and the more damage they'll take. You're a great class for sowing confusion in the enemy ranks, mainly because it's really hard to aim effectively when you're burning to death. This really annoys the hell out of the Tempests when they try to snipe you! :P   Get in close, set them on fire, and retreat while they burn. Keep doing it until they die. 

Be the first line of Defense.
One of the most useful things a Dragoner can do is be the first line of Defence for a team. Guard the entrance to your base, and make it your mission to set every single enemy who passes you on fire. Don't worry too much about killing them, just make sure you ignite them a bit. Once they're past you, warn the rest of the team's Defence that there are incoming enemies. This early warning, combined with the fact that no attackers reach the main Defence without being singed, can often be the thing that prevents the enemy from breaking through.  Also, be sure to use your magic seal's special ability to give you extra armor and you'll be nearly unstoppable!

Wyverns are a Dragoner's best friend.
Be sure to cast these a lot, they home in on your enemies pretty well, and can be pretty annoying for them.  A bunch of them can whittle your opponent's health down in no time!
